Create README.md for the ot bridge (#2896)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: bridge/opentracing/README.md

# OpenTelemetry/OpenTracing Bridge

## Getting started

`go get go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opentracing`

> Assuming you have configured an OpenTelemetry TracerProvider, these will be the steps to follow to wire up the bridge:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have configured an OpenTelemetry `TracerProvider`, these will be the steps to follow to wire up the bridge:
```

```go

>   import {
>     "go.opentelemetry.io/otel"
>     otelBridge "go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opentracing"
>   }
>   
>   ...
> 
>   otelTracer := tracerProvider.Tracer("tracer_name")
>   // use the bridgeTracer as your ot tracer, and the wrapperTracerProvider for otel instrumentation.
>   bridgeTracer, wrapperTracerProvider := otelBridge.NewTracerPair(otelTracer)
>   otel.SetTracerProvider(wrapperTracerProvider)

Reviewer: This should ideally compile (once missing setup is complete).

```suggestion
import (
	"go.opentelemetry.io/otel"
	otelBridge "go.opentelemetry.io/otel/bridge/opentracing"
)

func main() {
	/* Create tracerProvider and configure OpenTelemetry ... */
	
	otelTracer := tracerProvider.Tracer("tracer_name")
	// Use the bridgeTracer as your OpenTracing tracer.
	bridgeTracer, wrapperTracerProvider := otelBridge.NewTracerPair(otelTracer)
	// Set the wrapperTracerProvider as the global OpenTelemetry
	// TracerProvider so instrumentation will use it by default.
	otel.SetTracerProvider(wrapperTracerProvider)

	/* ... */
}
```

```

> ## Interop from ot -> otel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interop from trace context from OpenTracing to OpenTelemetry
```

> In order to get ot spans properly into the otel context, so they can be propagated (both internally, and externally), you will need to explicitly use the `BridgeTracer` for creating your ot spans, rather than a bare ot `Tracer` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get OpenTracing spans properly into the OpenTelemetry context, so they can be propagated (both internally, and externally), you will need to explicitly use the `BridgeTracer` for creating your OpenTracing spans, rather than a bare OpenTracing `Tracer` instance.
```

> When you have started an ot Span, make sure the otel knows about it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have started an OpenTracing Span, make sure the OpenTelemetry knows about it like this:
```

```go

>     contextWithOtSpan := span.ToContext(currentContext)
>     contextWithOtelBridgeSpan := bridgeTracer.ContextWithSpanHook(contextWithOtSpan, span.span)
>     // use the contextWithOtelBridgeSpan instance for calls that need to have the span propagated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	ctxWithOTSpan := opentracing.ContextWithSpan(ctx, otSpan)
	ctxWithOTAndOTelSpan := bridgeTracer.ContextWithSpanHook(ctxWithOTSpan, otSpan)
	// Propagate the otSpan to both OpenTracing and OpenTelemetry
	// instrumentation by using the ctxWithOTAndOTelSpan context.
```
